---
layout: tutorial
author: Michael McDermott
title: 5 Usability Heuristics
slug: e9
subhead: Exercise 9
categories: [exercises]
---
#### Exercise 10: 5 Usability Heuristics
_Part 1: Find examples with your group_

Find examples of 5 of the 10 Usability Heuristics using the [Exercise 10 Generator](https://mmcdermott18.github.io/avt415-fa25/e10/index.html). The generator will randomly assign 5 of the 10 heuristics and you and your group will find web based examples for each one you were assigned. For each heuristic, find an example from a website and take a screenshot of it. The screenshots can be cropped in but they need to include any supporting elements to help visually show the heuristic.

_Part 2: Individually design your presentation_

Once you have an example for each of your heuristics, create five frames in Figma that are 1440px by 768px with each containing the following:

* A screenshot showing the example of one of your heuristics.
* Include a link to the website where the screenshot is from.
* The title and definition of the heuristic from the slides (find a link to the slides on Canvas).
* A brief explanation explaining why you are using this screenshot as an example.

To finish, link the frames together and submit the link to your prototype on Canvas and add it to your website.

##### Technical Requirements
* 5 frames at 1440px by 796px
* Uses a grid (columns)
* All the above content is included
* Frames linked together

<span class="due">Due Wednesday, {% assign seconds = 7 | times: 24 | times: 60 | times: 60 %}{{ page.date | date: "%s" | plus: seconds | date: "%B %d" }} by 1:30pm ET</span>